fix(docs): minor touch-ups (#792)
Vonage/vivid-3: libs/components/src/lib/layout/README.md

> Controls the grid-template-columns of the layout.
> 
> - `--layout-grid-template-columns`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Control the grid-template-columns of the layout by setting `--layout-grid-template-columns`.

```
